Breakout Plan

Overview:
For my Breakout game, I intend to implement a two-player Pong-like game. There will be two paddles located on 
either side of the screen (left and right), one controlled by the arrow pad, and the other controlled by WASD
on the keyboard. There will be a set of bricks separating the two paddles, and the one ball will start on either
side of the bricks (two balls total). The objective of the game will be to have the ball pass the opponents paddle
prior to having it pass by your own. This can either happen while trying to clear the bricks or by hitting a ball
past the opponent. First player to win two games wins the match.

Levels:
The game will be a best of three (first player to win two rounds is the overall winner). The levels will increase
in difficulty by adding a greater probability for the appearance of blocks that survive multiple hits, greater
probability of power bricks, and the number of rows will increase so that there is less space between the paddle and bricks.

Blocks:
Plain blocks - typical one hit elimination blocks
Tough blocks - require multiple hits to be eliminated
Power blocks - these blocks drop power-ups which can be picked up by the user at their discretion

Paddle:
Size increase/decrease - the paddle size will either increase of decrease depending on the power-up
Catch and Release - the paddle will catch the ball and then be released straight up when a player presses a 
						certain key (this is obtained through use of a cheat code)
Redirecting - hitting on the outside thirds of the paddle will send the ball back where it came from

Power-Ups:
Increased/decreased block size
Increased/decreased ball speed
Added ball - adds another ball to the game

Cheat keys:
Q/P - initiates Catch and Release (Q for player 1, P for player 2)
E/O - paddle takes up the entire side (invincible)
SPACE - increase ball speed

Something extra:
My something extra is the two-player element of the game. Rather than the typical breakout game which is 
just the user against the bricks, this game will build off of that by incorporating another player into it to give
a new competitive edge.

EDIT: I removed the invisible bricks power-up. My "tough bricks" which require multiple hits prior to breaking change color as their remaining hits decreases,
and I could not figure out a way to maintain this feature while integrating the invisible bricks feature since the bricks would all be invisible and then upon
being hit would change color.